To view the changes that we just made,
we'll be running both the application server and the web server.
Now you might be asking, didn't we do that earlier?
When we ran the command gradlew, we started the application server only.
It serves static content in our client application,
but with certain limitations.
By running the Webpack server in parallel,
you get the benefits of hot code replacement and browser sync for code changes.
I'll go into more details about Webpack as we build the client
portion of the appointment request feature.
But for now, let's open up two command prompts.
If you already have the application server started,
just make sure it's stopped before you proceed.
I've opened up the command prompt, and I've navigated to our project directory.
I'm going to run the server start command, which is.
\gradlew.
With the server started, let's take a quick look at the output.
We see two lines related to Liquibase.
The first mentions that Liquibase is starting asynchronously.
This is an important feature that I'd like to point out.
JHipster includes this is a configuration in your application.
As I noted earlier, reloading a database can be time consuming,
so JHipster separates it from application startup.
However, as the warning notes,
you may need to wait before you can do anything with the application.
The second line notes that the database was updated successfully, which is good.
If you see any errors here related to Liquibase,
it's likely that you mistyped or incorrectly added data to the CSV files.
Make sure to check for issues such as a missing delimiter.
Next, let's go to the second command line window and start up Webpack.
I have the second command window open, and again I'm in our project directory.
I'm going to run the command, yarn start.
Once the server is started, it's likely that a browser window is opened for you.
We'll look at it in a minute.
First, just verify in the logs that everything compiled correctly.
You'll notice that the log mentions a different URL than we've been using.
It has port 9000, instead of port 8080.
Let's look at that browser now.
Here I'm showing Chrome with the web application opened at localhost port 9000.
Nothing really changed here on the anonymous page,
so let's log in as the user account.
I'll click Account, Sign in, and we'll do user user as the Login and Password.
Let's click Sign in.
Okay the login was successful, which is good,
so let's check the menu items and routes that we changed to make
sure that we still have access to the page.
We'll start with Settings.
Okay we can get there successfully, now let's try Password.
Same success, and last let's try Sessions.
Okay, so all three menu items worked successfully.
But how do I know that the user has the right authority?
Let's log in as an admin and find out.
I've signed out, I'll go ahead and sign in again, and I'll use admin, admin.
Let's just make sure that the route for settings is
still working for the admin user.
Click on Account, and I'll click Settings.
Okay good, that was successful.
Let's click on the Administration menu and select the user administration page.
Select User management,
and we can see here that all three users have the right role name.
I can even try editing to ensure that the authority comes up in the list.
And sure enough the role is present.
So, this is a successful verification of the change that we made. Now let's summarize what we've learned.